Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
There's a giant alien!
I'm the HungryGhost.
I've crawled inside your phone.
I live there now. Forever.
Feed me memes and tinfoil
and old-timey film strips.
Give me your boredom.
Your sadness.
Your anxieties.
"I will eat it all."
"Find me on TikTok and Instagram
to learn how my story began."
TikTok? I thought we were
an OnlyFans household.
Yeah. and we still are.
but if I want to drive a serious audience
to my account.
which is still basically
fucking invisible…
…I'll have to draw them
in using G-rated platforms.
Use those creepy algorithms.
Put 'em to good use.
Mmm.
- Well. I dig the new art…
- Mm-hmm?
- …and the new vibe.
- Mm-hmm.
You should make videos as this character.
Yes! Yeah. exactly.
It's like the sideshow freak
selling tickets to the big show.
Mmm!
Although…
The big show is also me.
Okay. so it's like TikTok
is the wrestling promo
and OnlyFans is the pay-per-view.
And HungryGhost is like my gimmick.
Yes! Oh…
Um. could you…
could you pass the soda. please?
Sure.
Thank you.
Just what about… what about your mom?
Okay.
It's just that you're asking people
to come find you. Margo.
Well. there will be no Margo to find.
I'm going completely private
on all my personals.
I will need your help though.
I mean. please. Please. please. Susie.
I'll pay you!
I'm thinking body paint.
Mmm.
KC. Rose. meet "The Team."
- Hello. team.
- Hi. "The Team"!
Roommate Susie.
Keeper of costumes. props.
sets. creative vision.
And this is Jinx.
He is an ex pro-wrestler
and my father.
Your father?
He'll be our go-to for stunts
and fight choreography.
Yeah. cool. Who is that?
Oh. This is Bodhi. He's my baby.
- Baby…
- Your baby…
Did I not mention that?
- Oh.
- Mm-mmm.
- Let's put the bongs away.
- Yeah.
So. you're an alien?
The HungryGhost persona is an alien.
freshly launched onto Earth.
Innocent. baby-brained.
In wrestling terms. she's the face.
Everyone already thinks
that I'm essentially a child.
That I'm weird and naïve.
and that I make stupid.
impulsive decisions.
So. why not lean into it?
Well. you did come here
and try to fight us so…
Yeah. it feels somewhat accurate.
That's gonna come out
of the furniture. right?
It's a rental.
100%.
Mm-hmm.
Hi there.
You want to get in?
Oh. no. no. Too much urine.
It dries out my skin.
Wow.
What?
I just can't believe
that the most beautiful woman
in the whole resort is all mine.
Was it okay? The wedding?
I know you were concerned about
it being too much of a spectacle.
Was it okay?
Oh. no. honey. It was wonderful.
Yeah?
You know. it's. um… It's good
to surrender to spectacle sometimes
and you know what they say.
that happiness is often a buy-in.
I bought in. Kenny.
Well…
You know. people say marriage
can be such hard work.
you know. it's not all bells and whistles
and magic fairy dust.
But I got to tell you. right now…
…it's feeling a lot like
bells and whistles to me.
But I'm-I'm prepared to. you know.
dig in and do the hard work.
Integrating myself into your family
is the most important thing
that I'll ever do.
What are you thinking?
I was just wondering how I got so lucky.
We're both lucky.
Okay. so what we've got here
is a simple two-v-one grudge match.
The face outnumbered by the heels.
Question. Why do we have to be the heels?
Yeah. why the labels?
So that when the storylines start
to get more complicated.
as they invariably do.
you can just fall back
on the basics of narrative.
Baby face. good. Heels. bad.
- Okay. Um. one more thing.
- Mmm.
Uh. I'm happy to be here. guiding you
along with my limited expertise.
but. uh. the second that you start to
do any more of your. uh…
…you know. your… …uh. sexy…
- Uh. sexy th-things...
- Okay. Dad.
Uh. yeah. uh… I'll just…
I'll go out the door.
I'll take the baby with me. No judgment.
That thought had not crossed
our minds yet. sir. so thank you.
- You're good.
- Okay. Let's fight.
Okay. Yeah.
Get ready.
Okay. let's go.
♪ I did the home and the family maker ♪
♪ I did school girl fantasies ♪
♪ Oh. I did leg things and hand stuff ♪
♪ And single woman banter ♪
♪ Now tell me
What was in it for me? ♪
♪ Oh. I've been having
A horrible time of late ♪
♪ I get none of your sympathy ♪
♪ But all of the pain hits
And the fog lifts ♪
♪ And then it's too much for therapy ♪
♪ Oh. baby
Heed my solution ♪
♪ And take a sexy picture
Take a sexy picture of me ♪
Oh. my God!
- Rose?
- What was that?
Is that a spaceship?
There's something out there. A girl.
- A girl?
- She looks like a bad bitch.
Girl…
- What do we do?
- I don't know! I don't know.
We should let her in.
No. we shouldn't!
What are you talking about?
Why would we let that thing in?
She's coming.
I think she's innocent.
She doesn't even know
how to walk or anything.
Hello. Are you okay?
Huh?
- Mmm!
- It's good. right?
It's okay. Go on.
Whoa! Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. Stop!
- Ugh.
- That was our last bag.
Mmm.
What?
Yeah. Yeah.
That is really something.
I couldn't completely see it at first.
but that is really impressive.
I just hope people like it.
Life. right?
You wanted to go to college
'cause you wanted to be a writer.
And then the little guy happened.
which made you have to drop out.
And now look at you.
You're a freaking writer.
Even if you are doing it anonymously.
Yeah. I just have to be careful.
HungryGhost accounts only from now on.
Mmm.
I'll get it.
Are you James Millet?
Do I look like James Millet?
Man. I don't know.
I'm James Millet.
You've been served. Happy holidays!
A restraining order? From Mark?
This is a hysterical overreaction.
Dad. what did you do?
I might've visited him. Said some things.
Uh. broke some small bones in his hand.
What?
When you told me that he was your teacher.
- I kinda snapped.
- Oh. my God!
A little! People file restraining orders
every day. it's not a big deal.
This is Bodhi's actual father.
Here. I'll call Lace. I'll deal with it.
- For God's sake!
- I'm sorry!
I'm sorry. It's-It's not...
There's not really much else to do
other than abide by the. uh. court order.
And… …stay away from Mark Gable.
- I plan to.
- Mmm.
And you went there
to accomplish what exactly?
Uh… I'm not sure.
Uh. look him in the eye. I guess.
Break his head.
Protect Margo. I didn't.
But you were violent in real life.
That's not the Jinx that I know.
I mean. you know how it is…
Us wrestlers. you know…
There's that residual amygdala shit
that takes over in a nanosecond.
No. no. Don't be clever with me.
No. you're right.
It didn't feel like me.
I regretted it instantly.
Well. this was back in October.
Months ago.
So. why's he filing now?
Uh…
I may have called a few more times.
He hung up before I could get a word out…
- Jinx.
- …but he must've known it was me.
I've stopped.
I will. I will stop. I'm stopping.
What's going on with you. Jinx?
All right.
Shyanne got married.
Your baby mama?
Yeah.
She's with this Christian guy. Kenny.
Add to that. uh. the wedding was in Vegas.
It's a tough place for addicts.
You went there hoping
to get back with Margo's mom?
No…
Maybe. a little.
I mean. what. is that so crazy?
No. no. No. It's just I saw
your number pop up and I thought…
Mmm. summer of '99 all over again.
- You… You son of a bitch.
- What did I…
Holidays are tough for me.
They always have been.
And now I'm-I'm waking up every night.
worrying about Margo.
Yeah. She's a sweet girl
and I suspect that you wanna help her
in any way you can.
So. let's start by abiding by
the. uh. restraining order
and not causing her any more trouble.
Well. my friend. stay out of trouble.
All right.
I will try.
I'll invoice you.
Mmm.
♪ I look inside. I look inside
I look inside nothing ♪
I look inside… ♪
Bitch. welcome to Earth.
This is dinosaur.
Dinosaur.
Yes!
Oh. that's a Roomba.
Can you say Roomba?
♪ Don't show. don't flake
Go hard. debase ♪
♪ Don't make a dishonest mistake ♪
♪ Don't be so sure
I need a cure ♪
♪ One more score ♪
♪ Big time nothing ♪
Don't kick Roomba!
You've been a very. very bad girl. Ghost.
Let's knock her back to her planet.
Get her!
You're mine.
Yeah. how do you like that?
Are you trapped?
Go! Yeah!
♪ Big time nothing ♪
Thank you.
- Mmm.
I think my favorite thing about Christmas
is that I get to walk around
in full costume
and everyone always assumes
that I'm caroling.
- Well. the magic of it never gets old.
- Mm-hmm.
Christmas. Getting to see it
through Bodhi's eyes.
Yeah. well. wait till next year
when he really gets it.
I wanna get one of those
crying baby Santa photos...
Alert. alert.
- What?
- Just be cool.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah.
Can I just get… There you go.
Thank you so much.
- Wow. He looks ragged.
- Yeah. right?
One for you. one for your sister.
- Thanks. Dad.
- Okay.
Uh. caramel apples are five…
Dad. come on!
Please. can we go see the lights?
It's right over there.
Was that an actual Christmas miracle?
Yeah. I think it was.
Yeah. See the tree?
No. no. no. Don't-Don't-Don't glob it.
The icicles should go on one at a time.
But that'll take much longer.
Yeah. that's the point.
To extend the moment.
make it seem like forever.
I thought we had root canals for that.
Susie. It's all about the here and now.
Boop.
So the tinsel goes on
one strand at a time.
Should we send a photo to Grandma?
Yes. Let's do that.
Say hi! Say hi.
That's a good one. Can you see?
Yeah. You. That's us. Hey.
I love Christmas.
So do I.
♪ I'll be loving you till tomorrow
Never comes ♪
♪ Through the night keep playing on
That heart you strum ♪
♪ Cause I don't quite know
How else to say this ♪
♪ I'll be loving you
Till the lights go out in Vegas ♪
♪ Till the lights go out in Vegas ♪
Like this.
Boom. boom. boom.
Ugh. yes! That's good.
Yeah. so I'll do that. So I'll go…
So. this can be really weird.
Going up. I could. like.
kick there or something.
- Okay.
- And then get into it.
- Kick for your life.
- Boom. Boom.
I could whip it here. like there's a…
- Okay. yeah.
- I could do a roll.
- Really get into it.
- Yeah.
There's still so much for her to learn.
Do you think
that she's heard music yet?
I wanna see what happens.
Me too.
♪ This time won't be
Nothing like the last one ♪
♪ Smoking so much gas
I forgot to put my mask on ♪
♪ Nails razor sharp
Called you off my iPhone ♪
♪ Let me hold my hair for you
While you put my ice on ♪
♪ I shine with the lights off
He hates when I don't call ♪
♪ We might hang out once a month.
Then I'm going AWOL ♪
♪ I'm important
Can't be seen with just anybody ♪
♪ We was late
But we still pulled up to the party ♪
♪ This time won't be
Nothing like the last one ♪
This-This one really blew up.
I mean. look at this.
- That is awesome.
- Yeah. we should be celebrating.
Oh. that's right. You already are.
I'm just going out with Becca.
Becca? Isn't she the one that
got flushed down the toilet?
Yeah. well. she apologized
and then I apologized.
And then she apologized again and…
she's my oldest friend.
Susie. you should come!
Oh. no. no. No.
Why? It's New Year's.
Here. come with us. please.
I can watch this little guy.
Ah. I actually don't really love
New Year's Eve parties.
They make me miss the year that's over.
Even this one?
Especially this one.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
- Hey!
- Aw. Hi. Oh. my God.
- Aw. Hi.
Dude. Oh. he's practically a toddler.
And those cheeks.
- And you remember Jinx. right?
- Of course. I remember.
Hi. Becca.
Smile at Auntie Becca. Say hi.
Hi.
He's teething.
Yeah. that explains the drool.
- This is Susie.
- Hi.
Hi. Such a pleasure.
I've heard such good things.
Oh.
How is it possible you're even cuter
in person. little man?
Oh. Margo.
Oh. look at him.
How's NYU. Becca?
Ah. it's winter break. so New York
is never more perfect.
But not as perfect as you.
Oh. um. I called our car.
So. are you ready. girl?
Not at all.
Mmm. Happy New Year.
- All right. bye. Bye.
- Have fun. Be safe.
- Have fun.
- Thank you.
Yeah. See you next year.
You look amazing by the way.
Did I mention that?
You did. Twice. This is the third.
Sorry.
Thank you.
You seem nervous. Are you okay?
It's always strange being away from Bodhi.
- you know?
- Mmm.
- Also. I'm terrified of this.
- This?
I haven't been out in forever.
Not to a party at least.
Well. we're gonna have fun. babe.
Come on. let me hear you say it.
I'm having fun tonight.
- Having fun.
- Yes!
Did we go to high school
with all these people?
I think some are Natalie's friends
from USC.
Oh. by the way. she might be in a mood.
Her meal plan was canceled.
- Hate when that happens.
- I know.
Oh. my God. Yay!
There she is!
You're kidding me. You're fucking
kidding me. Margo!
Doesn't she look amazing?
- So. is it true? That you had a…
- Baby.
I fucking told you.
You just won me $50.
Do you want anything?
We have rosé. chard. bourbon. beer.
Chase is doing White Russians to order.
and I think there's White Claws.
Um. I'll take a pink wine.
Pink wine. please.
- Are you doing okay. babe?
- Doing great.
Yeah? Okay.
- A pink wine.
- Thank you.
You're welcome. Cheers.
Mmm.
Dance?
For real.
Fucking A! I need to use the bathroom!
Come on. open the fricking door!
Uh. there's like a million bathrooms
in this place! Fuck off!
Margo. it's Becca. I need to talk to you.
Hey.
Are you doing porn?
What?
Hey. Margo.
That incel-looking USC fucker just showed
me a video that links to your OnlyFans.
It's a deepfake. right?
Some AI shit. right?
Right?
Oh. my fucking God.
I'm just-I'm just gonna leave. okay?
Margo! Margo!
What? I don't have to
explain myself to you.
What's that supposed to mean?
Nothing.
Oh. you're-you're just gonna
shut me out again?
Oh. my God. I feel like I'm constantly
giving you advice
that you never fucking listen to.
Maybe I don't want advice.
Maybe I want a friend.
You haven't asked me
a single question about my life
since your life went to shit.
We were supposed to move
to New York together.
Like. seriously Margo.
what happened to you?
Nothing has happened to me.
Your parents are rich…
…and that's why you went to NYU.
and I didn't.
That is such a cop-out.
You were too chicken-shit
to move to a big city.
You wanted to stay where you could pretend
- that you were better…
- Just stop!
…and smarter than everyone else
around you!
Like…
…"Oh. my professor. he picked me.
I'm so special."
You think he picked you
because you're special.
He picked you because
you radiate fucking daddy issues.
Hi. Becca.
Hi.
Becca. kindly get the fuck outta my car.
God. I thought I was being so careful.
I had to go out into the real world
like an idiot.
Yeah. Uh…
Well. evidently this thing
has gone a bit viral.
What do you mean?
Your mom called.
No.
I think it's best if we just go over
and see them first thing in the morning.
In person.
Over the phone is not gonna do it.
Those were some very hurtful things
Becca said.
You say the word.
I can have her disappeared.
He asleep?
Yeah.
So. HungryGhost's real name
is Margo Millet.
She's a single mom and a college dropout.
Also. she does porn.
The facts. That's all we need to discuss
at the moment.
Emotions should not rule the day.
Got it.
And if you start to feel ganged up on.
I'll jump in.
Just give me the signal.
Where's Kenny?
He's weeding out in the back yard.
I asked him to give us a second.
- Mom.
- It's all over my Facebook.
My colleagues from Bloomingdale's.
Hold on. Shame is not on the table.
"Shame is not on the table."
That's… on the table.
Hey. everyone. Welcome.
Hey. babe. We are still busy.
No. Kenny. it's fine. You can stay.
- Margo.
- Rip off the Band-Aid.
Whoa.
Uh-oh. this sounds… …ominous.
Kenny…
…in order to earn income for my child.
I have been doing some work
on the internet.
It's a site called OnlyFans.
You have fans?
It's a popular website.
It's dirty pictures.
But that's how I've been able to
keep my little family unit afloat
without leaving the house.
Well. I'm…
…a little confused. it's pi…
of just you or are…
are there men involved?
No. No. But I take photos
with two other girls. They're friends.
It's more suggestive than overtly sexual.
Hmm.
You look like you have questions.
Look. I-I'm an open book.
Well. I'm… I guess my question would be.
why-why do I need to know any of this?
I-I'm your stepfather.
But I-I didn't raise you.
I mean. why tell me all this?
My identity has been exposed.
So. the internet knows my full name.
they know where I live.
they know who I'm related to.
A bump in the family road.
Which we will navigate as a family.
And you might get asked about it
at church.
Well… …you know. I mean.
maybe this is wrong-headed. Margo.
but if that happened.
I think if I got cornered
by Beth. or Marcy. Harold…
and they said. "You know.
we've heard your stepdaughter
is doing a little something-or-other.
and she's a this or that."
I would probably say.
"Mary Magdalene was a prostitute.
She's kinda like a-a 'fans only' model."
Hmm.
- That-That doesn't feel great. Kenny.
- Oh.
Maybe don't compare me to
a sex worker from the Bible.
No… …I know. I know. I just…
I-I… You're right. I won't.
Margo. this is your personal business.
And I-I'm so sorry. truly.
that you're going through this.
and that somebody's tried to hurt you.
And if there's anything
that I can do to step up.
and help you. and protect this family.
I'll do it.
Thanks. Kenny.
Thank you. Kenny.
Okay.
Great.
All right.
We'll be on our way.
Well. I'll walk you out.
Happy New Year. Mom.
Whoa.
Dad?
Hi.
Hello.
Whatcha doin'?
Oh. just…
Surfing the web.
Did you watch anything good?
What do you want. Mother?
Well. wants tend to be fluid.
When I was younger…
…I just wanted to find love and be happy.
When I got older.
more about money and power.
I'm at the age now where all I want
is to not be humiliated.
Of all the little honey traps
to fall into.
you sure picked a beauty. didn't ya?
Was it worth it? Hmm?
I don't need this right now.
This will get traction.
and leave tracks back to me.
to you. your wife.
We need to get ahead of this.
Oh.
You told Sarah.
I didn't have a choice.
There's always a choice. Mark.
God.
You are such a pussy.
You know. culturally. we're really trying
to move away from that word. It's...
I don't mean pussy like that.
I mean pussy like you.
Like how you are a pussy.
Okay. We change our strategy.
It's over.
You made her sign an NDA. You paid her.
Well. that doesn't do us
any good now. does it?
Not if she can drag you through the mud.
There's a child involved. Mark.
Your child.
Me again. Happy New Year.
My dad's not here.
I can see him right there.
But you're Margo Millet?
- Yeah?
- Excellent. This bud's for you.
So. if I can just have you sign.
I will be gone.
Here you go.
Great. That's yours. Have a good one.
What?
Mark's seeking full custody.
On what grounds?
That I'm an unfit mother.
Look at him. Oh. he's in!
There's no getting out of this.
He is completely finished.
One. two. three.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today